Declare and Assign Enum Constants:
Declare an enum representing different weather conditions (e.g., Sunny, Cloudy, Rainy). Assign one of its constants to a variable and print a message based on the weather.

Language Translation Enum:
Create an enum for languages (e.g., English, Spanish, French). Implement a switch case that translates a given word from English to the selected language.

Custom Enum Properties:
Extend the language enum by adding properties like the official name of the language or its ISO code.
Example:

enum Languages
{
    English,
    Spanish,
    French
    // ... other languages
}

// Add properties:
string GetOfficialName(Languages lang)
{
    switch (lang)
    {
        case Languages.English:
            return "English";
        case Languages.Spanish:
            return "Español";
        case Languages.French:
            return "Français";
        // ... other cases
        default:
            return "Unknown";
    }
}

Enum with Associated Values:
Create an enum for different types of vehicles (e.g., Car, Bus, Bicycle). Each enum value can have associated properties like maximum speed, fuel efficiency, etc.

Weekdays Enum:
Define an enum for weekdays (e.g., Monday, Tuesday, …). Use it to determine whether today is a working day or a weekend day.

Seasons Enum:
Create an enum for seasons (e.g., Spring, Summer, Autumn, Winter). Write a program that displays the current season based on the month.

User Role Enum:
Define an enum for user roles (e.g., Admin, Moderator, User). Use it to control access permissions in your application.

Traffic Light Enum:
Implement an enum for traffic light colors (e.g., Red, Yellow, Green). Simulate a traffic light sequence using a loop.

File Extensions Enum:
Create an enum for common file extensions (e.g., .txt, .jpg, .pdf). Use it to validate file uploads.

Pizza Toppings Enum:
Design an enum for pizza toppings (e.g., Pepperoni, Mushroom, Onion). Allow users to customize their pizza order using this enum.



Set Bit Using Bitwise OR:
Declare an enum representing days of the week (e.g., Monday, Tuesday, …).
Set a specific day (e.g., Tuesday) using the bitwise OR operator (|).

Clear Bit Using Bitwise AND with Negation:
Create an enum for file permissions (e.g., Read, Write, Execute).
Clear the Write permission using bitwise AND with negation (& ~).

Combine Multiple Flags:
Define an enum for user roles (e.g., Admin, Moderator, User).
Combine roles (e.g., Admin | Moderator) to represent a user with multiple roles.

Check If a Flag Is Set:
Create an enum for font styles (e.g., Bold, Italic, Underline).
Check if a given font style (e.g., Bold) is set using bitwise AND (&).

Toggle a Flag On/Off:
Define an enum for game settings (e.g., SoundOn, MusicOn, FullScreen).
Toggle the SoundOn setting using bitwise XOR (^)

Weekend Days Combination:
Extend the days-of-the-week enum to include a Weekend combination (Saturday and Sunday).
Calculate the weekend days using bitwise OR (|).

Custom Permissions Enum:
Create an enum for custom permissions (e.g., Read, Write, Delete, Execute).
Implement a method that checks if a user has a specific combination of permissions.

Flags for UI Elements:
Define an enum for UI elements (e.g., Button, TextBox, Checkbox).
Use bitwise operations to manage which UI elements are visible or enabled.

Binary Representation of Enum Values:
Convert an integer value (e.g., 37) to an enum type using casting.
Display the binary representation of the resulting enum value.



Flags Enum with Multiple Selections:
Create an enum for different pizza toppings (e.g., Pepperoni, Mushroom, Onion, Olives).
Allow users to select multiple toppings using bitwise operations. For example, a pizza with both pepperoni and mushrooms would be represented as Pepperoni | Mushroom.

Enum-Based Strategy Pattern:
Define an enum for payment gateways (e.g., PayPal, Stripe, CreditCard).
Implement a strategy pattern where each enum value corresponds to a different payment processing strategy.
