Task 1)Create a new solution and projects with Visual Studio or other IDE:

#Steps:
Open Visual Studio: Start by opening your Visual Studio application.
Create a New Project: On the start window, select Create a new project.
Search for Blank Solution: On the Create a new project page, type blank solution into the search box.
Select the Blank Solution Template: From the search results, select the Blank Solution template, and then select Next.
Name the Solution: Enter a name for your solution in the Name field.
Choose the Location: Specify the location where you want to save your solution in the Location field.
Create the Solution: Finally, select Create to create your new solution.
Now, you have an empty solution. You can add new or existing projects to this solution as needed. When you create a new project, Visual Studio automatically creates a solution for the project unless a solution is already open.

To add a new project to the solution, follow these steps:

Right-click on the Solution: In the Solution Explorer, right-click on the solution you just created.
Add New Project: Select Add > New Project.
Select a Project Template: Choose a template for your new project based on the type of project you want to create etc Console.
Name the Project: Enter a name for your project in the Name field.
Choose the Location: Specify the location where you want to save your project in the Location field.
Create the Project: Finally, select Create to create your new project.


Task 1.1) Add many Projects in the Same solution(Like Project1, Project2 ...)
Task 1.2) Try to add a few projects with the same names
Task 1.3) Create many solutions with many projects
Task 1.4) Try to add a few Solutions with the same names


Task 2) Please research all Basic data types(int, double, char , string ....), explore documentation in Microsoft page
Task 2.1) Declare each Data type and assign some values
Task 2.2) Create Solution Per each data type(int, double, char, string ....) Like for int type- "IntSolution" and add Projects with many cases using an integer data type

Please build Solution examples and send them to me with direct messages in Slack